{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Adaptation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Our team demonstrated significant agility when faced with technical hurdles. On Day 1, we discovered that the CI API documentation was outdated, which could have stalled the entire sprint. We adapted by creating an 
\f0\b Impediment Backlog
\f1\b0 and made the strategic decision to continue working on UI and modal components while investigating the actual API endpoints. Furthermore, on Day 3, when we realized the API response was slow, we quickly adapted our technical approach by adding an unplanned task to implement 
\f0\b simple caching
\f1\b0 . These decisions were guided by a commitment to the Sprint Goal rather than rigidly following the initial plan.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 2. Collaboration\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The 
\f0\b Daily Scrums
\f1\b0  were instrumental in maintaining team alignment. Each session allowed us to identify dependencies, such as Yunis waiting on API documentation from the DevOps team. Transparency was key during Day 3 and 4; when a filtering bug was discovered by Ravan, the team immediately prioritized a fix task. This openness ensured that no one worked in a vacuum and allowed us to reach a final state where six major tasks were marked as "Done" on the Sprint Board.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 3. Sprint Goal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Having a clear 
\f0\b Sprint Goal
\f1\b0 \'97"Enable developers to monitor and investigate CI build status effectively"\'97served as our north star for decision-making. It proved its value on Day 2 when a stakeholder requested email notifications. Because this request threatened our focus on the core dashboard monitoring functionality, the Product Owner deferred it to the backlog. This allowed us to deliver the core dashboard, details view, and filtering status successfully by the end of Day 5.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 4. Definition of Done (DoD)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The tension between speed and quality was managed through our 
\f0\b Definition of Done
\f1\b0 . While we faced pressure to deliver, our Sprint Retrospective notes highlight a commitment to stop skipping quick code reviews and stop delaying testing until late in the sprint. By the Sprint Review, the PO verified that US-1, US-2, and US-3 met all criteria, while US-4 was intentionally moved to the next sprint because it could not be completed to our quality standards within the timebox.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 5. Continuous Improvement\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 From the 
\f0\b Sprint Retrospective
\f1\b0 , we learned that proactive documentation is as vital as coding. Our "Start" items for the next sprint include documenting API endpoints and starting integration testing earlier. We also identified that mid-sprint backlog refinement is necessary to handle stakeholder requests more efficiently. These action items will reduce the "discovery" time we lost on Day 1 of this sprint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 6. Scrum Values\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Our team demonstrated 
\f0\b Courage
\f1\b0  on Day 3. It took courage for the developers to admit that the API performance was a significant issue that required a change in the technical plan (adding caching). Instead of hiding the performance lag, we raised it as a critical issue, which ultimately ensured the dashboard was "very useful" to stakeholders during the final demo.\
}